okay ah hello I think this is actually
working now or your life it might occur
beep it down mother it might do just let
me see the comments people went to leave
what actually like now it's actually our
life I mean I don't know if we all like
[Music]
says we're live oh yes hello yes as well
is the sound quality okay yeah so a bit
of like hey hey hey they can see us is
good right let's shut the door Oh
starters let's hang forever oh hello
contagious sister by the way and
introduce yourself I do a levels at the
moment while I'm in tempting a levels
don't have any view at the same problem
but oh saying yes everything's working
so we thought we try and use my computer
design to livestream except my computer
just wasn't having it today and I think
we were live but like the camera just
wasn't working I don't really have the
technical skills for that
Paige's face can't be seen properly I'm
here hello
we be at whor oh that's a very grace no
I won't be sad times sad but good luck
to everyone involved oh it's so nicely I
feel like this is like taking it to the
next I was so nervous beforehand like
I've never been live what a levels do
you do MIDI what else do you do oh I do
bulgy English literature and history but
I do like medieval history not modern
history because they said witchcraft and
I focus on fun so it's quite hard yeah
and then so basically the thought came
behind this is that me and the joy of
both done lots of exams in our time like
we've been through GCSEs she's doing our
levels I've done my a-levels now I'm at
University and I've got Union
and we're very stressed stressed we
thought hey we can offer some advice if
anyone else is in exam season
do you prefer history or geography is
that who's that - I don't know I hate
history so much like I really see I've
always hated history up until a level
because my teacher now we just sit there
and have a debate yeah I still read
history anymore
draaga three I adopted me at nine I
remember we did is China a good place to
live it's like the question yeah
baby I don't even remember learning
geography it's been many many years
since I've done Trog Rafi no my hair
color is not natural by the way there is
like slightly united the minds naturally
dyed having on the bots do you start
studying to get a's oh like there's this
thing that like is supposed to be
studying the whole way through but to be
honest like crabbing works guys cramming
okay I'm not entirely against cramming
like actually if you do revise things
like the night before an exam I do find
like committing things to short-term
memory does work and like definitely in
my university exams last year I've
literally memorized everything I wrote
in an essay for an exam the next day
that I did not know the week before and
then probably forgot it the day after
especially at GCSE C's when there's
nothing like but not realistic but yeah
isn't yeah I'm saying is like don't rely
on cramming like it's such a bad idea
it's so stressful and actually it's way
more effective if you know things like
in the long term I do agree with you
there but what I'm saying is don't if
you get stood a before your exam you're
thinking oh my god I don't know anything
don't start crying yes cramming you can
still get a decent grade oh yeah it's
not the best but envision method but it
works yeah I've had people say that like
they just take the day off
studying the day before an exam or like
the night before they just they just
chill out and I wish I could do that
ventilate like it's not it's not yeah I
mean I actually I think I might try that
this year being extra organized but I
can
relax the night before because I think
that summation if you stress out during
an exam you're not gonna do your best
yeah you think I think my rule is once I
get into the exam as I've walked into
that room or my revision stops outside I
could have relaxed because there's
nothing I can do like no point panicking
yeah anyway yeah when's the best time to
start past papers Oh straight away
literally that's all I do follow G for
my math ailable I did every single pass
paper that was yeah but like you if you
timetable when you're doing them so that
you know you got through but actually
what I find more effective this is just
to me personally I do do pass papers but
I go on like a question Bank that we
have for biology and I select like all
the questions from one topic and I do a
whole load of that well good yeah
because if I can like really welcome
that topic so just jumping around you
can't see what a couple areas yeah but
I'd say to be honest like I probably
started doing pass papers like full-on
just like scheduling in like this many a
week probably February time before a
level exams or before before the before
the exams in the summer yeah new thing I
start doing which I think's really
helpful I don't know if your phone is
helpful and if I any question I get
wrong in any past paper I may go onto my
notes my phone I put in the question I
put in the arts it's on the Mart scheme
and then on the train to college me and
my friend will go through all the
questions I about once a week and do
them and then when it comes up in
another paper you know noticed ones in
it hmm and you get them you know pull up
the stuff like I've been giving making
flashcards like we all know I love my
flashcards here are my latest from my
revision today and then literally if I
do a question and I get something wrong
in that question I'm like oh what is
that key thing we need to remember I put
it on a flashcard and I go through them
before I attempt questions like it again
they're going pretty good - God's work
okay a lot of people saying is it hard
to balance your social life yes
% especially I mean I feel like when I
was going through a levels like I feel
like I really sacrificed my social life
and it actually wasn't good and the dear
has got a much healthier well social
life it makes me feel guilty because I
look back at when you did your a-levels
and I know that you barely went out and
you were so focused every night
meanwhile like tonight and going out
she's more in for a few drinks okay okay
so just I've got to be up at 6 o'clock
for work tomorrow so I don't hate myself
that much yeah but no all I'd say is
what I watch is what really hard in the
week or week like right I levels GCC's
whatever you're doing work really hard
at the weekend it's ok to have a couple
of hours off because you don't want to
go insane and get so stressed out that
you just can't even do the exam yeah
like I think timetable in your breaks
when you don't feel guilty about taking
the break because the thing is when I'm
taking a break from work I'm always like
in the back of my head and my I should
be doing that nice questions or I should
be doing that physics I've got set but
actually if you timetable it in it's
better forces you to take a break and
brakes are good you don't want to burn
yourself out that's the goal this year
don't burn yourself out it's fine to
keep going
it's fun yeah say hi back hi how did you
you're washing in first week oh I'm good
about talking about laundry this is a
bit off topic great I like honesty I
facetimed my mom when I do my washing
you know what the first time you ever
did it it was my birthday we were out
for a birthday meal you know it's like
one day that's meant to be about me
pages gone off to uni but I don't know
pages on FaceTime going missing
detergent guy this is someone who's
never used the washing machine in her
life before University I think I
literally got passed around the family
like you talk to page down and tell her
one button for the washing machine is so
yeah just rely on your family you know
give me drop me a message drop me a
direct message
she's quite yes - man she's really doing
something right okay and hi from Turkey
that's so cool you're watching from
Turkey who are you like what type what
countries were watching from do you
fun fact turkey used to be called Lydia
and that's my name how to be mess of a
meal so we are at the best sixth form
you'll ever find and I'm actually gonna
do a video about them next week because
they're that good or I went to the six
for midgets crying at the six for me
and there's a guy Neil who's the Oxford
that might not be the new you were
talking about we love you so don't be
afraid of him like we're just good you
know like I feel like I maybe wouldn't
have gotten into Cambridge if it hadn't
been for me because like no matter what
how the application goes if you get into
Cambridge if you don't get into
Cambridge he will still be really in
peace it was it was it was yeah I feel
like with like big six forms of it is a
tendency sometimes to get lost in the
crowd but like I definitely found that
that just didn't happen yesterday
Neil talks to me all the time like he
knows me really well yeah I don't even
know if he does know me that well yeah I
wish all schools had that sort of
support for university applications or
switch applications so good and Neil's
not scary trust me you just need to chat
to him I'm gonna go see him next week
actually yeah every week he's just like
a comedy show he just comment so I'm
like the student bulletin he's just yeah
yeah but should we took what someone
else who knows maybe yeah what do you
think about foundation programs
foundation programs I think they're good
yeah yeah like a great if you really
want to study something at University
Foundation around in yeah yeah yeah know
you can do loads of foundation program
sort of thing I'm not gonna lie I don't
know much about them but like they're
respectable do what's best for you like
yeah definitely that I think they're a
great route into going to do a
foundation program somewhere and then go
to uni somewhere else like or imaginary
Asian but university is such a fun
experience guys I'm so excited for the
idea to go to uni don't like it if she
gets in she's gonna meet her grades but
I'm sure she will but oh my god
University so fun so imagine having that
experience at more than one University
yeah that's what I think if I do a PhD
and like I don't know if I'll do a PhD
like it's just is
option if I do a PhD I'd quite like to
go somewhere other than Cambridge just
for like experiences ya know what's
Lydia doing for uni oh yeah explain okay
I should take a bit of an odd one I'm
doing human sciences hopefully at UCL
because I really love like the human
side of biology in like the brain and
stuff so that's gonna allow me to do the
aspects of biology that I enjoy and also
a little bit of psychology but not too
much as I'm probably not great at that
and also I can do a language and I was
really upset my dropped language you
jealous everyone did French French oh my
god she's clearly fluent in French I'm
gonna behave yes please that I say this
now speak to me in a year's time I'll be
in tears like why should I pick this I
can't do it it's also a part of your
degree then yeah I think I just pick
whatever models I like that's why cuz
this here sizes it lots of different
universities but you see how the course
appealed to me I always fought London
uni now but then I look trying you see
else all that course smells like oh my
god I want to go again
yeah oh that's so cool you can do like
languages at the Language Center at
Cambridge Tennant I really I really want
to do it but also I just don't know how
I'd have time I don't know how people
have time to do that in addition to that
degree work like honestly it's just
maybe I'm just not quite ready you go
and you do your YouTube like I do you
might kind of have the sort of stretch
but you know one day I'm gonna be fluent
in French Lydia's gonna be fluent in
French you know I loved French at school
French was my favorite subject someone
just said to do Gio apply to Oxford yeah
Oxbridge reject right here guys isn't
for everyone I think even if you're
rejected like people go on not good
enough for Oxford or whatever but
actually I think it's just if you fit
like the way they teach like they look
for people who are going to like benefit
from the teaching system without the
supervisions and all that and like not
that snot necessarily for everyone yes
honestly I was upset for about an hour
you know what I just think if it's meant
to be it's meant to be if it's not yeah
I do like just as well as any other uni
and I think actually
like looks pretty isn't like I think
there's just a different experience I'm
not saying it wasn't a really nice place
I wouldn't know but I probably have done
that I've gotten but at the same time
night you get very stressed during term
time I think I might be more relaxed
surprise yeah I'm so bad with stress
like I'm trying to get better at it and
actually this year I am way better than
last year like this time last year I was
stressing my friends at Union were like
Paige why are you stressing at this
point and I was like actually I don't
know why aren't i stressing I've got so
much work to do but it's cool I'm
staying tuned the ballot this year it's
the best way to be I was like just try
not to get stressed which I know it's
hard but great all I'm saying is for
example yes yeah and first day of GCC is
where you don't have exams at the end in
a way I kind of wish I takes it a little
bit easier and just try to enjoy myself
huh cuz I got really stressed a bit but
it doesn't count towards anything like I
see work lot yeah but what is trying
outlet so what do you say then when like
you've got exams I mean your a levels
this year like your university place
depends on the grade you get yeah what
do you say then like see people are
feeling this pressure like how do you
how do you deal with that okay so
earlier this week
I'll admit was having my own a low-key
breakdown but I'm feeling better towards
the end of the week because I've put it
in a bit of perspective
they're just exams mmm they're gonna be
okay and if they're not I can always
reset them I know it's not ideal but
actually sometimes you have to take a
bit of a step back and put things in
perspective actually things are going
okay
and you know what the world isn't gonna
end if you don't get the exact grade you
won and like there's always another
route and your option you can take to
get your goals so like I don't think
it's worth stressing about too much and
I feel like the best thing that stops me
from stressing is actually just like
yeah because as I'm doing the work like
I'm less stressed now cuz I'm making
step towards that greater what I've got
a history and Crusades test next week no
this week I saw I'm never gonna learn on
time today I went through two Crusades
and I'm like oh that's fine didn't take
too long to go for anyway sticking to
that revision timetable except don't
stress
however one thing that did stress me out
I don't know this is very encouraging 21
but you know how you always say
does it matter in five years yeah do you
think matters in five years because if I
don't get this if I don't get into uni
and then I just kind of do a whole
different life I think yes it will
affect what you're doing in five years
but actually I think like the
alternative to like if you did miss your
grades yeah but one grade you end up
going to another university I guess will
take a gap year I think actually you'd
still have you do something else
I think you'd apply something else that
you enjoy you know what I've got a
friend actually he's doing a degree
apprenticeship like he's applied for
Google so hopefully he gets that he's
gonna be making money next year he's
literally going to be laughing meanwhile
I'm like student debt no money don't
know what to do he's gonna be rolling in
it having the time of his life so
university is not always the way if you
don't do it don't do it any advice for a
little physics oh my god zombies yeah
videos do physics but I did the physics
and yeah it was it was probably the
a-level I found the hardest which was
really annoying at the time because I
knew I wanted to do physics at
University I'm now I'm doing physics in
university I'm doing clients I'm really
glad I stuff at it advice is just loads
of past paper questions like well it's
literally just pasta paper pots paper
post paper I used to think hey looking
at a textbook making flashcards was
enough it wasn't literally textbook make
your flashcards on the key things and
then do a pass paper and then mark mark
your own past paper see your key areas
and weaknesses circle those areas and
then do questions just focusing on those
key areas
how do you find the synoptic paper
because of my friends have literally
just done a synoptic paper mock at my
college and they've all found it my
heart like because that's quite a
different paper I'm not sure I did this
in optically no I did oh yeah I did
so I was the first year of the new
ailable syllabus for chemistry and
physics and yeah the synoptic paper was
one of the worst and I can't remember
the details of it I'm afraid
this was like nearly two years ago now
but I worked it from your memory maybe
just did loads of past papers like and
under time conditions as well but the
timing was the worst thing I think in my
actual exam I ran out of time in oh no
that was in the chemistry synoptic paper
but similar thing I ran out of time in
the actual exam it was the most
stressful time ever and actually that
was the reason I missed one of my grades
for my cambridge offer I was really
lucky and still got the place at
Cambridge even though I didn't meet the
grades that they actually asked Paul
which was tragic but that's nothing for
attracting stress though like you know
you sometimes don't get you can speak in
like me for anything yeah the timing
like nearly cost me my place at
Cambridge so timed conditions guys we do
these past papers on the time condition
especially their synoptic papers because
you like jumping from one thing to the
next and what were those questions you
can do like questions about like
synoptic questions online and they
particularly pass paper questions that
are synoptic ask your teachers for the
best questions my teacher gave us like
because we were the first year of a new
syllabus there weren't any actual past
pagan questions for that particular like
syllabus so we had to go to other past
paper questions that were kind of
synoptic and they were good I'm sure
your teachers will be clued up so just
go ask your teachers your teachers like
they're there for a reason
that's such another thing like if you
don't understand a particular topic go
speak to your teacher and also say
you're doing like an essay based
subjects like when I do English and
history
I'll let you just write practice essays
and they'll give it to them and get
feedbacks if not I can't tell where I'm
going wrong so a first time all is a bit
like my god are they gonna be like why
you give me more marking but the most
part like ever swap essays with your
friends and like read each other's and
then give feedback I'm kind of friends
people who do physics I think we study
you could actually be I'm not to be
honest most of the time I didn't like
studying in a group while doing a-levels
because I'd get distracted and start
chatting to my friends but actually if
you do like it like as it's an extra
thing alongside your own focus study I
find it really helps like if I'm stuck
on a particular topic like if you chat
to other people they can often help you
exactly like I checked my friends about
barge on the train in I know that's a
thrilling discussion for the morning but
that helps me because they might
understand something that I don't and
they can just explain it like also on
your level rather than having a teacher
about something else the whole class
you're like what's going on yeah okay
how is willing add nice to know the
other night you and will on next time
that was that weeks ago when he was get
the nice folks healthy now I think good
I haven't seen them since I'm home now
from University if you hadn't guessed
the vacation from uni so yeah I'm seeing
my friends from uni next week so yeah to
catch up they stay around and I you know
I'm not having around home dog do you
have a boyfriend and block cap schools
important question but it's fine so I
just got you guys you guys he needs a
boyfriend I have a boyfriend Lydia it's
fine I'm happy and I'm focusing on my
studies
yeah like I'm a strong independent okay
Prize for Humanities revision okay to
get Easter for a levels okay so let's
just start in there
that's fine right so here's what I do
this is personal to me so I don't know
if it'll work for you but well actually
I'm a bit weird cuz I have to have a
different revision method for every a
level because if not I just go insane so
I flashcard history but rather than
having like going crazy you've learned
new all the dates I learned the dates
but then mainly I think about the
arguments these days cuz that's what my
teachers really taught me cuz I do see
see I used to write a story a little
narrative approach works at GCSE a level
terms like this video is history history
yeah don't write a story don't just say
what do you mean my story 1910 I just
say I got person like Oh what were the
reasons for the First Crusade and like
compared to secresy I'll just list the
reasons write a little story about it
that doesn't do anything no you're gonna
think about like the arguments and like
what you want to say and what really
hurts for that is what we do in class we
don't you just sit there and have a
debate and that's why I don't hate
history I love debate it's fun I think
I'd actually enjoy it you would enjoy it
because I hated it really I'm bruised
topside took history I level because I
lit she said at every point I said I'm
not taking the juice I see not to get
but yeah also my main advice humanity's
vision is practice essays there is no
better way to learn and then you just
see where you're at and obviously under
time conditions we actually do one
without time conditions it's Club woo
debating and then do like benches and
time conditions but one important thing
I'd say but any essay right no matter
what great it is like rewrite a part of
it afterwards so you can might improve
where you went wrong cuz if not you
write it you get a great back see it's a
snake oh yeah that's alright but if you
take some time and go over see why it
was an a and why it wasn't up to the
next band rewrite it give it back to
your teacher they can be like pub this
is how this what's better and then you
actually make improvements you know to
do it next time rather than just kind of
forgetting it kind of consolidates it in
my mind so that's why I like to do that
mmm-hmm
how do you stay motivated okay I set
myself goals I'm like this is what I
want to achieve and I'm like what are
the small steps I couldn't take to get
there so for example throughout a levels
my goal was hey I want to get to
Cambridge and so that's what made me do
my work the whole time
I mean I worked hard during a levels but
that was it was because I really wanted
to go to Cambridge and I don't know I'm
quite a self driven person like I I'm
always quite happy like it was really so
self driven if I get a good exam result
I'm like yeah I love that feeling that I
get when I get a good exam result and so
I know I want to work towards that good
exam results I can get a few again yeah
I'm completely opposite from that lot
I'm not a self-motivated tool what's
always motivated me not in like a cringy
way just in fact I see you do well and I
feel my family gonna think I'm rubbish
if I don't put some I think it quite
competitive with each other because
you're setting the standards I'm like
well I've got to meet that now like yeah
I think definitely like in GCSEs and
a-levels I always had this need to like
be like one of the best in the class was
so competitive and I don't actually
think that's so healthy yeah like these
days now I'm at Cambridge like I try not
to compare myself to others because it's
quite tough because I'm always coming
away like hey I'm stupid I'm not stupid
at all like it's just ego everyone's
very clever in that environment you know
everyone works really hard at Cambridge
so you know yeah I don't so i feel like
i've got less competitive now I'm at a
levels just on the basis of GCC we're
kind of doing the same thing and doing
okay but now we're at a level islands
are harder to pass than GCC so now it's
like oh come on guys we can all pass
together now like there's more hugging
each other and just kind of working
together because so do you know this
point but don't you find though that
like if you goes to library and you see
everyone else doing work around you yeah
no more making me work harder I go to
library I see all the people from my
biology class and I better get cracking
so motivated at college like I see them
like one of my friends which I actually
admire the way who does this
so we'll look we sat there like doing
some work and having a chat he'll just
put some headphones in and he'll just do
as well he won't involve himself in the
conversation where I was like if people
are talking even if I'm trying to work I
have to have my say so Nick works for
them then cuz music really helps some
people focus tell what it is Mike is my
new thing for music listen to music you
don't know because that way you can't
sing along can't get too into it yeah
it's done so so bad the simulant
music that's why I don't I don't really
get much productive work don't music I'm
kind of getting there like you've seen
in some of my vlogs probably I have
started listening to music now just cuz
like I'm uh I'm so bored and need
something to make this a bit more fun
but I feel like I'm more focused when
I'm silent studying to be honest with
you if someone says I literally made
[Laughter]
which kind of music do you usually
listen to which while studying okay so
I'm so mainstream I listen to like
literally the top music in the chart
yeah see that's what I used to do but my
friends have been giving me so much for
it they're like Cola Lydia you can't do
so I actually have you did some usek
tanks I listen tell me more I listen to
the 1975 while studying this week and I
hear that's not that great but I was
very proud of myself what songs do they
do
I'm soft they do one that's called and
then chocolate is really growing on me
and then the sound which actually you do
sound like they're actually really good
so can I just say shoutouts Nara because
she always used to tell me to listen to
them now I was like nah and I'm five
times to sweet while studying so nice
when again when did you start pro-police
that hardcore a level version I went
hardcore like maybe maybe three months
before edibles I was looking through my
diary and I was like oh my god I really
got three months to exam stuff and then
I just started doing past papers and
shuffling them in everyday yeah this is
more current for me so yeah what are you
doing now are you hardcore yet I think
I'm pretty like on at this point no
noise hard hardcore as I could be but
pretty hardcore nothing to get worse but
didn't I before the exam no actually we
shouldn't we've been saying this deck
revise the night before exam
well don't put it don't leave it to the
note for the exam you gonna watch my
violin this year love is my biggest
weakness like I watched love island
while my exams from last year I did as
well my rules gonna be so I did it GCC
if I've got an exam the next day I don't
watch love island until after the exam
that's like my well done thing but I
don't have an exam next day I'm just
gonna watch it actually yeah I do like
when I've done an exam I come back from
the exam I give myself like an hour or
so off I like make myself some nice food
i watch some good TV or read a good book
or just do something really chill and
then I get into my revision for the next
one yeah was that like a main one hour
for me just gonna do what I like and
then back to it do you know I actually
quite enjoy being on study leave when
it's sunny it's nice to be fair just go
sit in the garden nice and I know I know
a lot of schools have started taking
study leave away because I think the
students don't do for hardcore study B
but actually if you are self motivated
enough and schedule in your time and
make your revision timetable and whatnot
then actually it's really nice to have a
bit more freedom yeah I feel better if
I've taken a break now someone just said
um about what we're watching currently
on necklace TV love island I'll come one
guys it's so good if anyone's watching
the Madeleine McCann documentary I'm
really enjoying that I really want to
watch that so no spoilers at the moment
I'm actually watching no TV guys like i
watch youtube videos and stuff but I'm
just watching no TV just because I'm I'm
either revising or studying at uni or
I'm socializing with my friends I am
trying to cut back on in amout of TV I
watch which I have done this year that's
been like my new year's resolution like
but you're socializing or I socialize
more both socialize much more these days
than we used to would you not say yeah
cuz I think before I was really really
fixated on exams there's something it
was close to point my eyes I see some
people yeah like sometimes it's about
having a grounded experience like are
you going to the Cambridge Oxford Bert
race yes I am I'm so excited it go care
I mean I'll probably working Oxford
Cambridge no will agree to deprive
boxford's so clearly I said otherwise my
applied failed the mock exam any advice
in my voice as in try boss so anxious
office
that's so try post is the name for exams
at Cambridge like okay so I'm in the
Natural Sciences try post you've got the
engineering chart all the math try pause
don't be anxious and don't get psyched
out by what everyone else is doing last
year I was like oh my god I'm gonna file
everyone else knows so much more than me
and when it came to it I didn't fail and
I should have had so much more belief in
myself and yes in walks
I got like thirds in my marks people I
know failed their mocks and got thirds
in the mocks and then actually came out
with good grades to ones first down
heartened by like mock results because I
get that like I had mocks the other week
and I didn't get quite what I wanted in
history and I always have like a 24-hour
grief period if I get a bad result and
then I put like I feel like sometimes I
have I've even got this tendency to just
give up and I'm like actually I'm like
no gonna get back on my grind someone
who is famous your sister that's an easy
question
yes we are alike and I am not quite sure
why sister she's you know she's getting
whatever you like to tell yourself how
if you enjoyed you won a year two of
university I am loving university guys
honestly I had no idea like when I was
in the middie of position two years ago
I had no idea how much I was gonna love
uni but now it's just such a great so I
started to change you you seem proper in
your element yes I feel like what you've
lived bro not for what is it what's that
saying like a fish in water
anyway actually I'm so glad please
because in my first year I had a really
grounded experience I've made lots of
great new friends your video is
glitching a bit that's sad
okay um I don't know just keep
commenting if it's a big issue
it has such around experienced mates
make so many new friends and also like
starting all the new societies like I
started cooking and that has been so
much fun I started YouTube which I'm so
happy I did like over the last two years
I've had so many great great experiences
and I'm actually enjoying water yeah
essentially I'm loving University I'm
loving the course I'm doing I think the
great thing about uni is that you can
finally just specialize in the subject
you enjoy like you don't have to be
doing other subjects that you don't
wanna be doing right and if you enjoy
your subject you're more likely to want
to work on it more work harder on it
which I think I do but I always say I
don't really enjoy studying for any
subject so I just do the subjects I hate
the least I do I really like biology
starting at those like torture I love it
but I hate it you know yeah I think so I
think especially around this period you
begin to resent your studies just
because you're doing it so much yeah do
you know I mean like I think the stress
of exams and the pressure to do well
makes you forget sometimes your love for
the subject well it's always easier to
find that from an outside perspective in
choosing courses you're like oh yeah I'd
enjoy that it's like I do enjoy
I like the content just having to
memorize it and panic yeah well I've
heard from people who are doing PhDs as
well because I obviously have to be
really passionate about something to be
doing a PhD in it but I've heard people
doing PhD use that
and the people who are like really
passionate at the start like by the time
you like a year and a half in like your
motivation is starting to go and you are
starting to think oh when is this over
because that's just the way of it if
you're working that hard on something
for so long but like you have to do
always find enough again again you just
have to take a step back I'm so excited
because I can specialize in astrophysics
next year literally that's what I'm
thinking about like that is my
motivation for my exams this summer that
next year I'm gonna be able to do
astrophysics which is like so cool yes
so much she'll answer next year PhD
Human Sciences the fact I'll never have
to write an English essay again has come
over to the science side I saw video
doing like some sort of humanity based
degree like English or history or law I
didn't see her doing Sciences C I've
converted her I don't worries I've
always been an English student in denial
because I find English and stuff like
that easier but I love maths and I love
the sciences so now I just decided I'm
just gonna do what I love even if I find
it harder yeah do what you enjoy if
you'd like to zhing things for the
future like the university course your a
levels or anything like that do what you
enjoy it's the biggest thing I'd say cuz
like physics hasn't always been my
strongest subject but I'm so glad I
stuck at it yeah I'm so happy because
I'm really enjoying it I send me in
biology like I love biology I love like
immunology and all that sort of thing
and if I can get to do something like
that in the future so be worth it now
yeah
like when I'm my big goal for the future
is whatever job I'm doing whatever
career I'm in I don't want to hate it
yeah because like a mom an example I
don't she says she doesn't hate it but
she cares about it enjoy it I'm like
what for example our dad I can tell he
enjoys what he's doing is stimulating
for him and I want to be doing something
like that yeah
will you still do looks when you finish
your degree and probably mate if people
still wanna watch but I don't know if
you're bored of her by them I'm telling
you after sewing them here
I know when I'm home from University
Lydia doesn't watch my videos she gets
enough of me I just yeah I don't really
need to watch anymore yeah no I'd like
to still be doing YouTube videos after
your I be someone's got an IP examined
for weeks it's good luck good luck I'm
gonna smash it stay calm stay chill
we're all in this together also that's a
good thing to think like it's not just
you alone rising we're all in this
together we're all studying hard and
imagine imagine the nice summer you're
gonna have afterwards summer is gonna be
I can't wait I've got a holiday books
I'm trying to plan some more the sunny
weather makes me happy oh what's your
sister's name well how bout that we
haven't told them my name I'm Lydia
she's Lydia miss you this is the Holy
Land this summer I'd read about that in
the Crusades the don't think I'd be
going right should i reapply to
Cambridge oh okay so like I know people
like here at Cambridge now who got
rejected first time around and reapplied
and now in I know people who have
reapplied Oxford and then go in so like
it's definitely possible um I don't know
it depends if you really think that
Cambridge Oxford or whatever is for you
um that's how if you really really
wanted to go there so be honest I
personally don't think I would take a
gap year just for the sake of reapplying
to Cambridge but if I felt like I'd have
a really like productive gap year and
like I wanted to take a gap year anyway
then I would reapply but I don't know I
just feel like putting all of like
taking a whole year out just like lots
of other you knees ah you'll have just
as good an experience other yes but what
I've always said though is say I don't
like get my grades for where I want to
go next year I don't know if I just go
through clearing I don't know
but rather try again next year and
reapply because if you think about you
knees expensive it's like what a
generous year I want to be going
somewhere that I really want to be yeah
yeah that's that's true
and I suppose you don't want to have
regrets either like water yeah so this
is a hard this is a hard choice but I
think also it depends on like your
results so if you get your a-level
results or your IB results and like they
are good and you think oh they might
reconsider now yeah then yeah to be
honest like there are plenty people who
do like again in on their second time so
it's possible there's no university
people do stuff on gap years yes I was
more it like when I was thinking back
like when I was - considering the option
of a gap year I was worried a lot I was
like I'm gonna be so behind but actually
I'll be so surprised by the number of
people who take gap years like when I
got to university like quite a lot of
people in my year have taken gap years
and I'm so jealous cuz they've had the
most amazing gap your experiences and I
needed adventure at some point I need to
like settle in a gap here at some point
news always recommends that we just take
gap here after gap here once we're done
with uni because then you just don't
have to can you hold a Cambridge student
Meetup I should do that actually that
would be quite cute I'd be I would be
able to come you could come up to
Cambridge some yeah I'd love to I I mean
I feel like I see lots of people around
Cambridge anyway but like yes okay place
at one I like I like meeting people who
watch my videos when people come up to
me and say I watch your videos I'm like
oh they know you but you don't know them
so conifers that you need to meet them
so yeah that one same page yes exactly
it's not fair you guys knowing me not
know so do some video so she could get
an idea yeah so yeah also if you ever do
see me around Cambridge like please say
hello someone just said will you be
doing the campus open days around oh I'd
be very interested in helping out with
Cambridge open days but it depends when
they are because I've got an internship
so I might not be around but I am
involved with my Jesus College
ambassador stuff and like doing tours of
the college so hopefully I'll be
carrying on that next time so someone
just said GCSE help and their panics how
it's going to be okay
we are survivors of the GCC we both did
one 20/20 example sorry ridiculous like
that I'm we're still here what just like
do little and often Vice much you can in
advance like one mistake I made because
I think iris was my first exam I just
revised for our reps by exam then exams
now do you know what I did I literally
wrote out on pieces of paper and stuck
it all up over my bedroom walls every
single topic in every single subject
that I wanted to revise yeah and then
like waking up to that every day made me
think this is actually this is what I
mean my friend day so if we're doing
like revision in the whole days we did
this at GCSE we're doing it again now in
the Easter holidays in the morning so we
wake up 8:00 a.m. every morning send
each other a little snapchat breakfast
and then yeah and then you said snapchat
that's like like here's my buzz your
business and then we'll do that for two
hours we've planned the night before and
then wasn't done with that
too bad your revisions and a picture
from mind maps or whatever then you know
oh doing some history vision having
lunch and just by having someone else
doing it at the same time it kind of
motivates you to keep going rather than
just giving up it's just like you know
and then say some if I don't wake up and
send you a morning snack trap just call
me repeatedly
thank you I bet which has been a king
winter Oxford not that she's biased in
any way whatsoever to be honest like I
didn't even like because I knew I wanted
to do Natural Sciences because at this
point I really wasn't sure whether I
wants to do chemistry or physics so I
was only applying for universities which
offered Natural Sciences and courses
which had like a more broad science
degree so didn't look at Oxford but I'm
sure it's a very good I mean I'm sure
it's a very good uni
your thoughts on SAT students wanting to
enter Cambridge or Oxford was that mean
like American SATs I'm assuming right
if you mean American I say to you yeah
go for it yes he does is that okay yeah
I anyone if you think about wanting to
go to auto rich like definitely why not
apply like that's another thing Neal
said like you're not gonna lose out from
flying like just one of five six like
some people go oh yeah I'm not good
enough for Oxbridge I'm like well maybe
you're not maybe you are some people who
like oh I wouldn't fit in there yeah but
like or to see you've got all this
roadie as they seem don't worry I've met
them they're quite nice it honestly is
such an Cambridge is such a lovely place
as well oh yeah I've fallen in love with
Cambridge I'd quite like to live in
Cambridge do you think you'll live that
when you're older I'd love to live in
Cambridge I mean it depends what job I'm
doing what I'm doing coaxing tips ha so
much cooking expertise hmm okay
just have confidence be assertive like I
never have enough confidence in myself
but actually like when you tell the crew
what to do they will this is it quite so
actually when people respond wait
they're actually like do you play oh you
can show them do a little tune actually
maybe no let's not defin with me and I
play the clarinet but I haven't thanked
them in quite a while because just like
I've taken on YouTube as my hobby and
like I miss it a lot on this has been
sitting like up and not played for a
while so yeah you know what it's really
bad after GCC's cuz I played guitar but
I don't have I can resize still play but
I played it a lot growing up I played a
bit of piano as well after due to
disease I so I'm gonna take up guitar
again yes good great already expensive
guitar played it like three times an
artist design its case
but you know what I said I'll just
couldn't settle down at Coolidge and I
was gonna start playing but I've just
been so busy since so maybe every summer
I will play guitar head boy should I do
it go for it go on if you want I mean
what's your reasons I mean I was I was a
prefect at school you were prefect it's
cool oh yeah I didn't get head go time I
was a collar prefect I literally did
nothing but it went on my application
for college and that was great it's
great
unlike your CV doesn't it yeah it's just
gotta so you've done it a play applying
for like Saturday jobs as well because
we've had a Saturday job she has I have
a sausage I've got to be there at 6:00
a.m. tomorrow morning
yeah like if you're in a knuckles and
like doing things like that no I just
say I proper about it but anyone getting
access to Joe because you learn so much
from doing something like that yeah
life's different learning experience
from like college like I agree like yeah
while you're doing your edibles or even
just starts to feel a bit independent
rather than like depending on your like
your parents and money and stuff it's
just something else yeah I'm so happy
that's a break from studying as well
right when I'm there I'm higher thank
God I'm not like college yeah like we
both worked in well I multi-skilled
I am struggling a little bit you know
they called bake-off I didn't I just put
it was a joke on the show I now
understand what they call it bake-off
I've like them on the show and I'm
trying to get everything out on time
do you want to get a first I'd love to
get a phone doesn't want to get us
honestly
but the thing is last year I just had
this thought in my mind that like oh
there's no way I'm gonna get first I
didn't even think it's a possibility
actually only tackle belief in myself of
course is a possibility if I work hard I
can get first so yeah oh yeah I'm ending
for fast yeah I've always thought that
you know some people say oh yeah aim for
like 80% aim for this day 50% were for
an age exam if you're not aiming to get
100% in a paper then why are you seeing
it Julia I mean it's probably not
realistic yeah like I'd love to get
first we'll see how things go buddy
let's do some more revision after me
do you know anyone who got into
Cambridge after reapplying yes yes few
people does best restaurant in Cambridge
oh I love now necks
it's not fine dining it's like a dining
my son it's like a chain of Mexican
restaurants in Cambridge and they do
student deals on Mondays and they do the
most amazing nachos ever and my friends
all love the burritos so nano max but if
you want a nice restaurant mm-hmm
I went to honest burger at the end of
last time with my friends and the
burgers were so good well again it's not
really I'm dining but no way that time
would you guys have grants time when we
all came down come on Undertaker Browns
yeah - the thing is I'm so mainstream
like I just go for Pizza Express Nando's
cuz see when I'm here like because I in
the town I live in
I know all the nice little places but
when I'm going to other pages uh I don't
get more mainstream so if I'm travelling
a good piece expressed by because I know
it's good but what I live summer I like
to find a little
really good yeah to do these things I
haven't even been to King's trouble like
I just need to be a tourist for day I
think and actually slowly know what when
you're not outside at time time when
you're studying in the Holy Quran well
like this year I've got a couple of
weeks after exam when I'm in Cambridge
so I think I might use that time to just
chill out I'm a student in Switzerland
what do you think about artificial
intelligence it's pretty cool it's
pretty cool I love scary I love my next
age is awesome thank you when did you
start revising for GCSEs
oh I've revised for moxa made my
revision material done yeah it was like
when my mock exams will remember and
then I believe ember yeah January
November I remember I made all my
revision materials my marks took a break
over Christmas I'm going to spill a
really amazing Christmas joke I was like
go go go by the same time you're doing
GCC time start revising yet not too late
one hour for the exam
yeah I think you know what avoiding
stress get started early I'd say don't
get stressed out no reason so it's like
the East of the gate starts soon right
schools by cops in I've got one more
week thank some places on is produced I
think I think sometimes the east of Luna
is the make-or-break if you have a
really productive Easter holiday like
you know it's gonna be really because
like my plastic Easter holidays are
party on the weekends I've got some
friends birthday so I've done a playlist
as party I think it's great my friends
don't but I love it what about and then
during the weeks every single day I'm
just gonna be revising a song like I'm
really confused by what it's saying on
here what do you mean like it's going
like message deleted by page why maybe
it's because I've got settings like
don't do you drink coffee every day yes
I love coffee I'm trying to stop myself
I can't really be to caffeine dependent
no I do try and have a day of coffee
every now and then I didn't today
actually only because I went into co-op
in the ones I have we sold out but if
they hadn't I love coffee it's like my
little afternoon treat when I'm doing
work and like I don't have after four
o'clock
otherwise I lose just but this or like
you know favorite coffee or tea favorite
coffee Oh salted caramel latte or
hazelnut latte or hazelnut
like this hello Makka it's dropping
oh yeah I love strong coffee I love just
like strong like strong coffee trunks we
had advised the admissions assess okay
um I got all the like specimen papers Oz
papers actually my year was the first
year so I only had the specimen yes
I know I was like the guinea pig for
everything for a levels for the King was
a GCSE can do anything but yeah so do
the specimens past papers you got mine
also for Natural Sciences at least like
the questions are like some of them are
exactly the same as past be Matt
questions so look at past be Matt
questions online and yet time conditions
is the one thing I'm gonna say because
they are so so so time pressure but
they're the most time pressured exam
I've ever ever done these emissions
assessments so just practice under time
conditions you're not meant to finish
them I know and also they're designed to
breach I'm jinx so don't be disheartened
if you feel like you're really
struggling with like the specimen paper
like natural thing because like they're
really like expecting him to get like
quite low percentages you're not
expected to get 100% because they're
challenging and they're not actually
that bad like I think to be honest the
questions themselves aren't that hard
it's just the time pressure I don't know
what did you feel because you did an
emissions assessment before you did the
team I did something really stupid let
me tell you what not to do basically
because I'm stronger it like I had math
questions in my admissions test they
weren't like that hard there what GCSE
that little bit of see I don't do maths
anymore but I was also an English like
questions so I did I went through it did
all the English questions then I did all
the maths questions what had all the
English questions so I probably only got
about halfway through them ask questions
and then and I got I didn't realise that
they relate the scores of the maps in
English to get your overall score rather
than they just put it all together like
they kind of cooking wasting so
basically I got way over what I need you
to get getting English food for the
English part but I was way on Bob I was
like team ops understand a spot so I
meant because of the waiting's in
interview so don't do it like that guys
can you do some more study with me
videos yes I am planning on doing more
lots of study videos because that is
literally my revision timetable like
I've got this topic in the morning this
topic in the afternoon sheshu lunch
breaks evening breaks and like literally
repeat repeat repeat
what time do you go to bed and get up on
revision days I go to bed too late
because I make bad life choices you know
what so at the moment I'm trying to
start like studying 9 o'clock yeah I do
because then actually I don't lose the
whole morning if I have a lion-like I
just use go then I have lunch early but
literally I'm like and then I work until
Molly here she could come chewing she's
gonna be able do you think or are you
like I don't know it just this
reconnecting so well we've been talking
56 I know again
reconnecting I don't know what to do I
don't know into the video this might be
it this might be it it's never see us
again
or they can hear us nothing oh this
makes me think our connection must been
bad beforehand
this shows how about the wife is in this
household no white no what's today - I
go on date own day that's this oh they
can hear and see oh they could hear and
think you can't just said I was gonna
see was so good what are we saying
before this remember what we were saying
we can't see the messages anymore
oh we were saying about oh we were
saying about what time we got up on
revision days and have a line every now
and then yes okay yeah you want to lie
and have a nice sleep yes sleep is so
important I was so sleep-deprived in my
first year of university it was not a
good time yeah to us last year because I
see it Coolidge you're not in early
every morning so first year if I should
cut a decent amount of sleep during the
weeks like just eat not having to wake
up at 6:30 every morning makes a big
difference yeah it's so nice now I'm
home and I don't have to get up like the
crack of dawn from rowing outings I'm
actually concerned about it's actually
really fun but it's just you have to be
sensible and go to bed early the night
before and like I just don't always do
yes I kind of have that problem I've got
to get up at 5:30 in Hawaiian to be at
work for six yeah I'm about to go out
for drinks
great going out this evening just so you
know I'm literally I promise you at 10
o'clock I'm leaving and I'm coming back
and going to bed I'm not going after
them I'm just going out to see my
friends I'm having a quiet do you speak
French
bonjour je m'appelle Lydia master I try
to think the French obviously try to
think of any French word I can think of
what did you get I got 8 a stars to h1b
you did pretty well we both did 5 a
stars 6 aims but like we worked
incredibly hard both of us didn't we 30
CC's yeah and like those Greece didn't
come easily it seems like they're not
too important if you're very stressed
about them like you just need to get
sixes to the college yeah well I think
at the time GCSE is like big deal really
really stressed but actually it's not
the end of the world if you don't get
like it's fine no I actually heard about
someone that like let's not put TC if
he's down GCC's are actually kudos to
everyone and you see there's so many
subjects yeah like so much to revise and
you know I think it's just the baptism
of fire into yeah because like literally
every year after that don't you have
your yeah no but I heard about someone
who's at college now and they want to
have a social life but they want to do
well in their GCSE so initially picked
six GCSEs what's really hard at them got
six eight stars and failed to write yeah
that's crazy but that's one way to do it
interesting know how I do it but it's
the connection really bad guys because
it keeps saying reconnecting say so are
we like breaking up at all can you hear
our story bullet I was thinking actually
I've come up with my second favorite
little room is and it's Churchill it is
it's the one that's nearest the science
departments but actually it's such
and nice colors I feel a connection to
it because I went to a summer school
there like the summer before I went to
university and also it was like when I
first add this to Cambridge my first
time to here on Cambridge I went I was
at Churchill first so I feel like my
roots for a chance you okay sure your
Jesus was a Jesuit I have a jest you and
oversee Jesus is the best collision if
you're looking for a really good colors
to apply to a Cambridge then I'd really
recommend Jesus but oh do you know what
all the closures are really good and
everyone loves a collage like I think
all the courses goodbye and the rooms
are so nice well I stayed in one of the
rooms of my summer school and look
there's a massive bay window you can see
it and revise it and I like it
and I also think that imagine living at
Churchill like my life would be so much
easier get into physics labs so much
easier how do you bounce your social
life at home I actually need to message
my friends and I want to see that I miss
them and my friends you know I just
thought like we've done this up right
which is probably really annoying people
viewing
I bet it was bit easier it was like
battle yeah it said guys well now I'm
saving it like it's gonna be saved in
this format well we know for next time
we want to do this again
yeah like we'll definitely do it on the
live stream sometime soon someone just
said favorite hobby Netflix of course
YouTube is my favourite hobby right yeah
so yeah I keep doing friends livestream
good luck with any exams everybody
[Music]